fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/SquidFaq/InterceptionProxy.md

system, your traffic redirection rules, debugging output and any other
things you have tried to the squid-users mailing list.

> ### Why cannot I use authentication together with interception proxying?

Reviewer: contraction changed grammar
```suggestion
### Why can I not use authentication together with interception proxying?
```
